splash CloudStep
{
   baseclass      JJWaterSplash
   sound         CloudStep
   noalert
}

splash JazzSludge
{
   baseclass      JJWaterSplash
   sound         WatSplsh
   noalert
}


splash JazzWater
{
   baseclass      JJWaterSplash
   sound         WatSplsh
   noalert
}

splash JazzLAva
{
   baseclass      WalkFire
   sound         LavSplsh
   noalert
}

terrain CloudStep
{
	splash			CloudStep
	liquid
}

terrain JazzSludge
{
	splash			JazzSludge
	liquid
}

terrain JazzWater
{
	splash			JazzWater
	liquid
}

terrain JazzLava
{
	splash			JazzLava
	liquid
}

floor dlww1a Jazzwater
floor dlww1b Jazzwater
floor dlww1c Jazzwater

floor dlnd18a Jazzwater
floor dlnd18b Jazzwater
floor dlnd18c Jazzwater

floor dlnd27a JazzSludge
floor dlnd27b JazzSludge
floor dlnd27c JazzSludge

floor sewg1a JazzSludge
floor sewg1b JazzSludge
floor sewg1c JazzSludge

floor DARKWTR1 Jazzwater
floor DARKWTR2 Jazzwater
floor DARKWTR3 Jazzwater

floor DREM42A Jazzwater
floor DREM42B Jazzwater
floor DREM42C Jazzwater

floor JREDLQ1 Jazzwater
floor JREDLQ2 Jazzwater
floor JREDLQ3 Jazzwater

floor JLFLAT1 JazzLava
floor JLFLAT2 JazzLava
floor JLFLAT3 JazzLava

floor JROCK18A Jazzwater
floor JROCK18B Jazzwater
floor JROCK18C Jazzwater

floor MARLAV1 JazzLava
floor MARLAV2 JazzLava
floor MARLAV3 JazzLava

floor ORB28 Jazzwater
floor ORB29 Jazzwater
floor ORB30 Jazzwater

floor WDES1 Jazzwater
floor WDES2 Jazzwater
floor WDES3 Jazzwater

floor WINTER48 CloudStep
floor ELEM15 CloudStep
floor ELEM16 CloudStep

floor XMAS42A Jazzwater
floor XMAS42B Jazzwater
floor XMAS42C Jazzwater

floor CRYS2A JazzLava
floor CRYS2B JazzLava
floor CRYS2C JazzLava
